--- VM ---
The choice to have a static VM instance is not necessarily a sound engineering choice for a real language implementation.
It gives the host more flexibility if we do explicitly take a VM pointer and pass it around.
That way, the host app can control when and where memory for the VM is allocated, run multiple VMs in parallel, etc.
What we have is similar to singleton pattern, where we use the same instance for every chunk.

We may store ip in a local variable. It gets modified so often during execution that we want the C compiler to keep it in a register

--- Tokens ---
In pfer, the Token class had a field to store the runtime value converted from the literal token's lexeme.
Implementing that here, would require some sort of union and a type tag to tell whether the token contains a string or a double value.
If it's a string, we'd need to manage the memory for the string's character array somehow.

--- Strings ---
Add escape characters?
Add access to individual characters, the string's length, changing case, splitting, joining, searching...

--- Variables ---
Many languages make a distinction between variables that can be reassigned and those that can't. In Java is final,
in JavaScript is const.

For Fer is going to be "perm". Yet to be added.
Extend cfer to allow more than 256 local variables to be in scope at a time.

--- Conditionals ---
Maybe add conditional expressions like ?:
Maybe add switch statements?

The grammar should be:

switchStmt     → "switch" "(" expression ")"
                 "{" switchCase* defaultCase? "}" ;
switchCase     → "option" expression ":" statement* ;
defaultCase    → "default" ":" statement* ;

--- loops ---
Add break; and continue; Both should be jumps I think.

--- functions ---
Native function calls are fast in part because we don’t validate that the call passes as many arguments as the function expects.
We really should, or an incorrect call to a native function without enough arguments could cause the function to read uninitialized memory.
Add arity checking.

--- classes ---
Make classes more complex by adding methods similar to dunder methods in python, instead of __str__(), use something like ~str()
How do we remove a field from an instance. We can set a field's value to nil, but the entry in the hash table is still there.